index.md, before:

## *Indie Founder and Software Developer*
Hi, I'm Lisa. I've been in software and data science for over a decade, and now I'm branching out on my own as a solopreneur. You can find me on Twitter at [@lisa_gaud](https://twitter.com/lisa_gaud) or on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lisagaud/).

## Current Project: [Plankido.com](https://www.plankido.com)
I am currently working on building [Plankido.com](https://www.plankido.com) to serve online fitness creators selling workout programs. 
As part of that I've built [Workout Loop](https://www.plankido.com/loop) which lets people easily create and share fitness programs made using YouTube videos. 
Here's an example of [Short Workouts to build and maintain a habit](https://www.plankido.com/posts/short_workouts_to_build_habit/).

## Side Projects
I have a variety of small side projects in the [Side Projects](Projects/index.html) section. This includes several data analysis and visualization projects, 
as well as the [Color Contrast Matrix](Projects/Colours/contrast_matrix.html) tool to generate a colour contrast matrix for an entire colour palette, ideal for checking categorical colour palettes for more accessible visualization.

## Past Projects 
### OC Trainsfer App (Archived)
When our new Light Rail system was launched, I wanted to be able to check which bus stop to go to to get me home fastest. So I made a React Native app called [OC Trainsfer](OCTrainsfer)!
However, the API information was not very useful when the buses were at their first stop, and combined with me not taking transit due to now working from home
I discontinued this app.

Commit message:

Mention pynotion.com and openness to freelance

index.md, after:

## *Indie Founder and Software Developer*
Hi, I'm Lisa. I've been in software and data science for over a decade.

I've been exploring my entrepreneurial side lately, but I'd love to help you put the pieces together on a freelance, contract, or part time basis. I can help you leverage Azure Cognitive Services and Search and integrate these tools with your applications and other APIs.

You can find me on Twitter at [@lisa_gaud](https://twitter.com/lisa_gaud) or on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lisagaud/).

## Current Projects: 
### [PyNotion.com](https://www.pynotion.com/)
I've been diving into the Notion API and writing tutorials using the API with Python.

### [Plankido.com](https://www.plankido.com)
I am currently working on building [Plankido.com](https://www.plankido.com) to serve online fitness creators selling workout programs. 
As part of that I've built [Workout Loop](https://www.plankido.com/loop) which lets people easily create and share fitness programs made using YouTube videos. 
Here's an example of [Short Workouts to build and maintain a habit](https://www.plankido.com/posts/short_workouts_to_build_habit/).
I have launched [Plankido Video Scheduler](https://www.wix.com/app-market/plankido-video-scheduler) on the Wix App Market to give YouTube creators with Wix websites another window into their YouTube channel, for content that isn’t meant to be binged, like follow along fitness and meditation videos.

## Side Projects
I have a variety of small side projects in the [Side Projects](Projects/index.html) section. This includes several data analysis and visualization projects, 
as well as the [Color Contrast Matrix](Projects/Colours/contrast_matrix.html) tool to generate a colour contrast matrix for an entire colour palette, ideal for checking categorical colour palettes for more accessible visualization.

## Past Projects 
### OC Trainsfer App (Archived)
When our new Light Rail system was launched, I wanted to be able to check which bus stop to go to to get me home fastest. So I made a React Native app called [OC Trainsfer](OCTrainsfer)!
However, the API information was not very useful when the buses were at their first stop, and combined with me not taking transit due to now working from home
I discontinued this app.
