OCTrainsfer.md, before:

![OC Trainsfer Logo](images/Feature.png "OC Trainsfer")



## Make transfering from the train less of a pain!

Do you have several different routes you can take when you get off the train? 
Hate seeing a bus you could have taken go by because you chose the wrong stop?
Open up OC Trainsfer just before arriving at the station, and it will
call the OC Transpo GPS feed to get the next few trips for the routes 
you've chosen to watch.

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lgaud.octrainsfer&pcampaignid=MKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png' height="auto" width="240px"/></a>

This app works at the major transfer points from the O Train Confederation Line - Tunney's Pasture, Hurdman, and Blair.



# See all your upcoming connections at a glance
![Screenshot of Trips page](images/trips.jpg)

# Easily select the routes you care about
![Screenshot of Setup page](images/routes.jpg)

### Limitations:
This app relies on OC Transpo’s live feed, which sometimes goes down and generally only has schedule data for routes starting at the station. It also doesn’t provide the stop letter; this is matched to other OC Transpo provided data. In the event of a discrepancy, information at the station is more likely to be correct. This is a side project with no intention for monetary gain - no ads, no data collection, and no warranties or guarantees of support. 

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.

Commit message:

Content updates +Plankido, archive OC Trainsfer

OCTrainsfer.md, after:

## OC Trainsfer is now Archived
Due to API limitations, OC Trainsfer was only so useful and is no longer available.

![OC Trainsfer Logo](images/Feature.png "OC Trainsfer")



## Make transfering from the train less of a pain!

Do you have several different routes you can take when you get off the train? 
Hate seeing a bus you could have taken go by because you chose the wrong stop?
Open up OC Trainsfer just before arriving at the station, and it will
call the OC Transpo GPS feed to get the next few trips for the routes 
you've chosen to watch.

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lgaud.octrainsfer&pcampaignid=MKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png' height="auto" width="240px"/></a>

This app works at the major transfer points from the O Train Confederation Line - Tunney's Pasture, Hurdman, and Blair.



# See all your upcoming connections at a glance
![Screenshot of Trips page](images/trips.jpg)

# Easily select the routes you care about
![Screenshot of Setup page](images/routes.jpg)

### Limitations:
This app relies on OC Transpo’s live feed, which sometimes goes down and generally only has schedule data for routes starting at the station. It also doesn’t provide the stop letter; this is matched to other OC Transpo provided data. In the event of a discrepancy, information at the station is more likely to be correct. This is a side project with no intention for monetary gain - no ads, no data collection, and no warranties or guarantees of support. 

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
